[Intro]
Hi and thank you for joining me.
I'm Treawna and I washed my hair today
just as a small courtesy and an example
of how I like to go that extra mile.
Ok, well what have you done today?
No, no, it's been a rough year, so I do
like to celebrate even the small accomplishments.
I hope that wherever and whenever you're tuning
in from that you're doing ok.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
Today I'm here to celebrate a marginally larger accomplishment
of wrapping up my third year of Algonquin's Graphic Design Program.
100% of which was done from the comfort of my bed—office. My office.
Speaking of threes, I believe this is my third adventure in post-secondary education.
I attended the School of the Photographic Arts: Ottawa, which really helped
open up the ability to express myself visually.
Then after that, I studied nutrition, which taught me to properly
fuel and focus this restless mind! I think what tipped me off that
graphic design might be next was the 8 hours I once spent making a
pamphlet/infographic about the ketogenic diet
in nutrition school.
And no, there weren't any marks allocated for the visuals.
[What is your unique selling point as a designer?]
I do love to learn and create so,
what I appreciate most about design is the infinite ability to do both.
As a designer, my focus is research, empathy and translation.
I like to be highly detail oriented in each of these stages
so we can produce meaningful work that speaks to the intended message.
Specifically, I am really into branding, web and UX/UI, but
I mostly love just jumping in and becoming fully immersed
in the project as a whole and
exploring and discovering what the best solutions will be.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
Apart from design, I really enjoy reading, I love blasting In Rainbows
while I take a shower so I can sing along with Thom Yorke.
I love heated seats, all year round
and I also play keys, guitar, and sing vocals in a local Ottawa band.
The Haig is going on about 10 years.
We're going on 10 years of being in a band together
— we played Bluesfest once —
so I just really can't wait 'til we can safely jam again.
Well, I believe that's time, so as a parting message,
I guess I'd like to say that Creative Mornings Ottawa is doing
a giveaway and I would very much like a tote bag for my eventual outings.
I'd really like to say that Ottawa is creative and I'm really happy to be here.
Thank you so much for joining me.
[Outro]